---
layout: project
image: http://images.branduren.com/projects/bricks.jpg
description: "A tetris game called briks. It's simple, fun and free. I built it using javascript and the canvas element which comes with html5. Happy gaming."
keywords: "tetris, game, free, gplv3, gpl, javascript, html5, canvas"
title: Bricks
forkurl: Fork this
---
I made a tetris game a while back called bricks. I built it using javascript and the canvas element which comes with html5. I decided to release the source code under the GNU General Public License (GPLv3).

##Demo
Here is a working demostration of the game. For a better experience try the fullscreen-mode by pressing the f key. You move by using the arrow keys, mouse, or touchpad.

<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/css/bricks.css" />
<script type="text/javascript">
   var script = document.createElement('script');
   script.setAttribute('src', '/js/bricks.js');
   script.setAttribute('type', 'text/javascript');
   document.getElementsByTagName('head')[0].appendChild(script);
</script>
<div id="setup" style="height: 500px; width: 250px; display:block; margin: 0 auto;"><div id="game">
	<canvas id="bricks">Your browser does not support canvas elements.</canvas>
</div></div>

If you have looked at the code, then you might have noticed that I have avoided to use any javascript framework. This is simply because I wanted to get comfortable with the features I wanted to test out. Here are some of the key features I wanted to test out:
 * RequestAnimationFrame for battery-friendly animations, if you switch tab the game pauses.
 * Fullscreen mode, enter the mode by hitting f
 * Control using touchpad/mouse

Feel free to study, use, improve and redistribute the game under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 3.0 as published by the Free Software Foundation.
You can fork the project from my [github page](https://github.com/branduren/bricks).

*Happy gaming*
